W-14231749-create-partials-penetration-testing-LDS (#701)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: cloudhub/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/ch-penetration-testing.adoc

//Run Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Tests

//tag::intro[]

> If your company security policies require that you perform vulnerability and penetration testing against Anypoint Platform, you may commence testing without notifying Salesforce beforehand.

Reviewer: may > can (per our standards)

All assessments must be performed in accordance with the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000392845&type=1[Security Assessment Agreement^].
// end::intro[]

//tag::runTest[]
== Run Penetration and Vulnerability Tests

> Because penetration testing could interfere with other tenants, MuleSoft allows penetration testing on your workers but not on other Anypoint Platform services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because penetration testing can interfere with other tenants, MuleSoft allows penetration testing on your workers but not on other Anypoint Platform services.
```

[IMPORTANT]

> Salesforce does not address any vulnerabilities found with custom development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salesforce does not address vulnerabilities found with custom development.
```

You must validate and fix any findings with your custom development.

// end::runTest[]

//tag::prereqIntro[]
=== Prerequisites

Before initiating penetration testing:
// end::prereqIntro[]

//tag::prereqCh1[]
* Enable static IPs for the app.
+

> By default, CloudHub workers do not use static IP addresses, so you can't test them because their IP addresses might change. For information about how to enable static IPs, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab-settings[Static IPs Tab Settings].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CloudHub workers don't use static IP addresses, so you can't test them because their IP addresses might change. For information about how to enable static IPs, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab-settings[Static IPs Tab Settings].
```

// end::prereqCh1[]

//tag::prereqEnd[]
* Assign a security resource at your company to review and validate findings from the tests.
// end::prereqEnd[]

//tag::steps[]
=== Steps

. Run the penetration tests.
+
The Security Assessment Agreement includes restrictions and requirements for testing.

> . Have your security resource use the following documents to identify common false positives or security issues related to settings:

Reviewer: Suggest or > and

+
--
** https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=Salesforce-Platform-Security-FAQs&type=1&language=en_US[Platform Security FAQ^]
** https://help.salesforce.com[Salesforce Help^]
--
+

> . If your assessment generates vulnerability findings, please complete validation for any automated findings. Send any outstanding validated security vulnerability findings to mailto:security@salesforce.com[security@salesforce.com].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If your assessment generates vulnerability findings, complete validation for any automated finding. Send all outstanding validated security vulnerability findings to mailto:security@salesforce.com[security@salesforce.com].
```

+
--
Include the following information in your email:

** Confirmation number for your Security Assessment approved by Salesforce

> ** Summary of all findings and associated severity level of each finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Summary of all findings and the associated severity level of each finding
```

> ** Detailed assessment report noting each finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Detailed assessment report that notes each finding
```

** Steps to reproduce the vulnerability
** All applicable HTTP requests and responses
** Explanation of why the example is considered a finding
--
//end::steps[]

//tag::reporting[]
=== Reporting Security Vulnerabilities

To report security vulnerability findings, follow the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000320207&type=1&mode=1[Security Vulnerability Finding Submittal Guide^]. Security vulnerability reports that do not follow the required steps are rejected.

Salesforce does not address any security vulnerabilities in the following categories:

> * Scan output from automated vulnerability scanning tools without any valid proof of concept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scan output from automated vulnerability scanning tools without a valid proof of concept
```

* Security bugs without valid proof of concept
* Vulnerabilities identified in old or deprecated versions of Mule runtime engine
* Vulnerabilities introduced via code customization made by your company

> * Known security issues that do not pose any risk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Known security issues that don't pose any risk
```
